see I'm dying a gray shirts there and
it's very pretty isn't she
what are you doing nothing I'm a tour
guide you're American
do you believe it you can ask him
yourself it's gonna show us around the
flea market Sunday what do you do for a
living sir I look after people savings
they want to join us for dinner
Oh what do you think wouldn't trust him
to mow my lawn
mr. Dunlavey no I think you get drama I
represent some very unhappy clients who
invested their money with you you gotta
be more careful who you do business with
I thought you said no one would follow
us we gotta get out of here right away
new passports identities I have a friend
that he might know somebody that could
help you out
you would do that I'd certainly make it
worth your watch it's not about the
money
it's all over the news if you turn
yourself in they'll arrest you as an
accomplice truth is we're joined it
there I get caught I take you down you
get caught you turn me it's people that
are after it why don't you do
he killed someone why would you buy for
him
I don't do it for him what the hell's
going on next a recognized her all right
why don't you lay off her feet you ever
speak to me like that again Oh what did
you know
you should have killed me when you had
the chance
now look at you a real criminal